All right welcome back my students so now that we are retrieving records and we know how to retrieve
one single instance model right for instance and will know how to retrieve multiple.
Let's find out how we can we treat them with conditions right.
All right cool.
So let's comment this hour real quick.
You can of course keep making comments about each and every thing that you are doing here.
Read find whatever.
All right.
So now how can we retrieve information based on a where statement like we do in roll as well right.
Or native BHB.
So supercool let me let me show you.
Let's create a route and
I'm going to call this
find
do we have a final ready.
Yeah we we have a find there so we could use the same one that's fine.
We can just replicate it here.
All right fine where.
Let's call it find where that's cool and then function.
All right.
So let's do something simple right.
So let's say pose and let's use the model and we got to do this.
It's going to be kind of backwards but it's not.
All right we're going to say where there's a method and where I-T equals one actually two.
I always keep forgetting that.
That's right not we're not done with that right.
So now what we can do is we can do something called chaining or we're going to change it it changes
to another method call order by the camel case.
So we got the first one all lower case and then the second word starts with an upper case.
So this method takes two parameters.
Again where.
All right.
So order by D.
Right.
I mean where ID goes to order.
By what do you want to be ordered by
id say Id descending.
Right.
Let's just do that or ascending.
It's up to you.
All right.
Actually I think is the as C not misspelling incorrectly we're good.
Let's keep changing and they are going to say take one out of it and then bring get it to me.
All right.
And then we can say return POWs of course we only have one record.
But let's actually insert another record as a matter of fact we already have an insert
.
All right let's use puls right there.
Let's see if we can.
Something's wrong with my return.
All right we go.
Let's see if we can insert something here real quick.
Let's use one of our Royse inserts here and we're gonna insert peachy Claribel.
Let's use do Loughran well as some
with Edwin go.
Now I'm you're going to put periods here something like that just to make it different.
And now I'm going to go to my browser of course and we're going to go and see and just insert something
there.
Insert enter.
Cool.
So now we have a different record there and you can verify that of course if you go to your database
you can see it.
All right cool.
So now
we have this like this.
Let's actually find now what are we getting right.
So
let's start this do it find where find where enter.
And as you can see we're able to pull that out.
All right if I wanted to pull the other one now I just
say this out
and pull the other one out.
All right.
Or if I had another let's say a column that was active or E's admin I could pull out all the adman's
and Order order them by id descending and take one out bring out whatever you see that you see how easy
it is to pulao to use Outlook when to deal with databases supercool super easy to do.
Right.
And there are a lot more metho guys a lot more mentors that we can use.
So anyway thank you so much for watching this lecture.
I think we're done here but we'll get back in with some more eloquent later on.
And of course we'll keep going.
Right now.
Well when we still got a little bit to catch and a little bit to do.
Thank you so much for watching again LCN and lectures.
Take care.